1. I am a software engineer currently with Siemens, 
2. my primary job responsibility is backend development, feature implementation and workflow creation. 



Siemens is a Germany engineering Giant focusing on energy, health care and infrastructure. My team is working on a modelling software that designs cars and air planes. Our 
customers are boeing, GM, daimler, pretty much very larger manufacturers. I am currently an algorithm that finds optimum path for electrical wires in large assemblies following some rules.
You can think of it as GPS finding optimum path between two nodes.




Elekta delivers oncology software treating cancer and brain disorder. In very high level, it does three things, 
1. Read the CT image into our software, and display it three diemsnions, trasverse, sagittal and coronal.
2. It provides very good contouring tools that allows user to draw the contour of organ and contour of tumor on top of CT image. We also provide a machine learning algo that can draw the contour of organ automatically.
3. Based on contour of tumor, the system calculate how much does is needed to kill the tumor and pass this information to hardware machine, which delivers the dose to patient in hospital.

I was with Elekta for three years, My work focused on backend, 
algorithm layer: implementing algorithms,  
persistence layer(retrieve data from db)
infrastructure layer(creating internal tools for developer.)


TopEdit

This is a website where researchers submit scientific paper, and then reviewers review paper and finally the accepted paper will be published on website.  In terms of tech stack, Front end we use React.js, middle tier we use Spring boot restful, persistence layer we use JDBC for complex query and hibernate for simple CRUD operation, databases we use mysql.


One of the tasks I worked on was retrieving publication information from database and displaying it UI. What did was I used JDBC to write complex SQL query
to parse multiple tables in mysql, and then converted sql result to java object using java row mapper,  and then sent result to frontend via spring restful controller as JSON. And finally, parsed JSON in React and created UI. 

Another task I worked on was I implemented a search box in the frontend that allows user to search using keyword. In the backend I wrote sql query to compare keyword to multiple tables in mysql and then put the sql results together and then returned the result to java, and then rendered the in JSON react.


passport
This is a website that manages travel information and submits application programmably. In terms of tech stack, Front end we use React.js, middle tier we use Spring boot, databases we use firebase.  (React can talk to firebase directly).

Task 2:
HTMLUnit: 
I used a Java API called HtmlUnit to interact with a website that submits passport application. Htmlunit mimics the user action such as fill out a edit box, click a button, and the html goes back and forth between our website and the other website. 
That way, we can fill out the online application programmably from our website, and finally a pdf report will be generated from website and we return that to the user as confirmation.

Socket:
Since this process might take a while, I Implemented a socket to notify status in real time, such that users know where we are in the application process.



